Pass serialization_dir to Model, DatasetReader, and support `include_in_archive` (#4713)
allenai/allennlp: CHANGELOG.md

  sampling indices from log probabilities
- Made `BeamSearch` registrable.
- Added `top_k_sampling` and `type_p_sampling` `BeamSearch` implementations.

> - Pass `serialization_dir` to `Model` and `DatasetReader`, and support `include_in_archive`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pass `serialization_dir` to `Model` and `DatasetReader`.
- Added an optional `include_in_archive` parameter to the top-level of configuration files. When specified, `include_in_archive` should be a list of paths relative to the serialization directory which will be bundled up with the final archived model from a training run.
```
